Evan Stokdtk
8/30/21
History - 11th
Mr. Cuda - Block 1

Option 2 - Cyber Security

Article 1 (CNBC): https://cnb.cx/3Bgi5jz

Article 2 (WSJ): https://www.wsj.com/articles/biden-to-hold-cybersecurity-summit-with-tech-giants-top-banks-energy-firms-11629882002?reflink=desktopwebshare_permalink


1) Are there any factual discrepancies in the articles?  If so, what are they?  
    There are no factual contradictions in the articles however the articles will often only tell part of the truth and paint an event in a certain light. One example of this was that the two articles had a list of people who attended and, although similar, they often differed when referring to some of the lesser known organizations Although, in the CNBC article it had a full list below the article.

2) What are the differences in focus, prioritization and/or interpretation regarding the summit that are highlighted in the articles?  
    One major difference in priority was the length of the articles as the WSJ was twice the size of the CNBC article which shows that they feel the event deserves more coverage. Another difference in focus was while in the WSJ article there was a priority on the jobs that would be created and the specific economics, the CNBC article focused more on the security impact of the policies. One minor thing I noticed was that the articles cited information not relating to the event to push an agenda. For example, the WSJ mentioned how the president was busy with the war in Afghanistan which I don't believe was necessary for the context of the article.

3) What problems might this create for us as a country that many Americans will only read one of these articles?
    Reading one article can be detrimental because you can develop polarized views of the world. Seeing only one perspective can lead you to see the world in the perspective it is given to you in. In this example, the article is not malicious in attempting to deceive the reader, however if these views on politics are interwoven into the news repeatedly it can dictate how someone sees the world longterm.
